Bee+ Local Biodiversity Observation App

Overview
The application is designed to serve as a starting point for the development of a real biodiversity observation system. The provided code features functionalities for recording sightings, viewing observations, and managing species categories as well as broader categories (creature types).

Features
* 		Add Sighting: Users can add sightings by providing details such as their username, creature type, species, a description of the sighting, and a link to the image.
* 		View Sightings: It lets the user view recorded sightings, including creature types, species, number of observations, and any added links under each post. The posts are categorised based on their categories. 
* 		Add Creature Type: Users can add new creature types with a brief description. This is a broader, more ‘customisable’ category than species categories. 
* 		Add Species: For each creature type, users can add new species with a brief description.
* 		Search Creature Type: Users can search for and view details of a specific creature type, including associated species, observations, description, and all information of recorded sightings in the category,
* 		Search Species: Users can search for and view details of a specific species within a creature type, including observations, description, and all information of recorded sightings in the species category,.
* 		View Total Observations: Users can see the total number of observations recorded in the app.
* 		Exit: Users can exit the application.

How to Use 
* 		Build the Project: Open the project in your preferred C++ development environment.
* 		Run the Application: Build and run the application. Follow the on-screen menu prompts to interact with the app.
* 		Adding a Sighting: Choose option 1 from the menu. Enter your username, creature type, species, and sighting details. You can additionally attach an image link ( Which will display as a link).
* 		Viewing Sightings: Choose option 2 from the menu to view recorded sightings. You can add details such as names and description. 
* 		Adding Creature Type or Species: Choose options 3 or 4 from the menu to add a new creature type or species, respectively. You can add details such as names and description. 
* 		Searching Creature Type or Species: Choose options 5 or 6 from the menu to search for a specific creature type or species.
* 		Viewing Total Observations: Choose option 7 from the menu to view the total number of observations.
* 		Exiting the Application: Choose option 8 from the menu to exit the application.

Important Notes
*Species and Creature Types should be a single word or hyphenated.
* It is recommended to start with adding a creature type, then species, then adding sightings under the respective categories, but you can also directly add sightings and still have the ability to categorise them.
* This code serves as a basic template and is intended for development as a starting point.
* Enhance the code by adding functionalities, a graphical user interface (GUI), and image upload and display capabilities to meet the requirements of the real application.